>> On a new series, "Mysteries
of the Knights Templar."
>> What made the Templars'
spiritual practices unique when
compared to other
practices of the time?
>> This week on Gaia, on a new
season of "Into the Vortex."
>> That whole tradition of
the most sacred relics are
in a place that is so guarded
that very few get a chance
to ever see them.
>> On "Superpower."
>> One thing that's our
birthright as humans is
the energy of the divine
feminine and the energy
of the divine masculine, and
that we both embody that no
matter what our gender is.
>> On "The Other Side."
>> The area was
completely under water.
And when it receded,
a sacred place
was left behind, where mountain
springs trickle and mermaids
are believed to have
sought sanctuary.
>> On "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> We're advised to
bring this body, soul,
and consciousness container into
whatever life environment suits
us best.
>> On "Open Minds
with Regina Meredith."
>> You have to find the point
where you lower EMFs enough
that you feel good about your
exposures and you feel good
about your health.
>> On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory."
>> I believe that real
disclosure is going to be
the day where we get to
hold it in our hands,
we get to touch the metallurgy.
>> Only on Gaia.